[IMP] inventory: update strategies second person and images (#3804)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/products/strategies.rst

product reaches its minimum, Odoo automatically generates a purchase order with the quantity needed
to reach the maximum stock level.

Reordering rules can be created and managed in the replenishment report or from the product form.

Make to order
-------------

:guilabel:`Make to Order (MTO)` is a procurement route that creates a draft purchase order or
manufacturing order each time a sales order is confirmed, *regardless of the current stock level*.
Unlike products replenished using reordering rules, Odoo automatically links the sales order to the
purchase order (PO) or manufacturing order (MO) generated by the MTO route. Another difference
between reordering rules and MTO is with MTO, Odoo generates a draft PO or MO immediately after the
sales order is confirmed. With reordering rules, Odoo generates a draft PO or MO when the product's
forecasted stock falls below the set minimum quantity. In addition, Odoo will automatically add
quantities to the PO/MO as the forecast changes, as long as the PO/MO is not confirmed.
The MTO route is the best replenishment strategy for products that are customized and/or no stock is
kept on hand.

Configuration
=============

> Replenishment report and reordering rules

Author: This was tough, because the first one was about the terminology and the second is configuration- so I was hoping people would see the higher level category and realize that particular "Replenishment report and reordering rules" section was only for the Configuration or Terminology sections.

the :guilabel:`Snooze` button.

.. image:: strategies/reordering-rule-snooze-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Snooze options to turn off notifications for reordering for a period of time.

A PO or MO created by a manual replenishment will have :guilabel:`Replenishment Report` as the
source document. A PO or MO created by an automated reordering rule will have the sales order(s)
reference number(s) that triggered the rule as the source document.

.. image:: strategies/rfq-source-document.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Quote request list shows which quotes are directly from the replenishment report.

Make to order
=============

Since the Make to Order (MTO) route is recommended for customized products, the route is hidden by
default.

To activate the Make to Order (MTO) route in Odoo:
 #. Go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration  --> Settings`.
 #. Activate the Multi-Step Routes setting under :guilabel:`Warehouse` and click :guilabel:`Save`.
 #. Go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration  --> Routes`.
 #. Click on :menuselection:`Filters --> Archived` to show archived routes.
 #. Select the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)`, and click on

>     :menuselection:`Action --> Unarchive`.

Author: Must be your Runbot when you checked it - MTO is archived by default in Odoo, so you must unarchive it in order to use it. It's such an odd thing, that's why I know it's true, lol. It stumped me during training =)

.. note::

>    Activating the Multi-Step Routes setting also activates Storage Locations. If these features
>    aren't applicable to the warehouse, disable these settings after unarchiving the MTO route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Activating the :guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` setting also activates :guilabel:`Storage Locations`. If these features
   aren't applicable to the warehouse, disable these settings after unarchiving the MTO route.
```

> To set a product's procurement route to MTO, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Products -->
> Products`, click on a product to open the product form, and click :guilabel:`Edit`. Then, click on
> the Inventory tab and in the :guilabel:`Routes` options, select :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)`.
> For products purchased directly from a vendor, make sure the :guilabel:`Buy` route is selected in
> addition to the :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)` route and a vendor is configured in the
> purchase tab. For products manufactured in-house, make sure the :guilabel:`Manufacture` route is
> selected in addition to the :guilabel:`MTO` route and a bill of materials is configured for the
> product. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set a product's procurement route to MTO, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->
Products`, click on the desired product to open its product form, and click :guilabel:`Edit`.

Then, click the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab, and in the :guilabel:`Routes` section of options, select :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)`.

For products purchased directly from a vendor, make sure the :guilabel:`Buy` route is selected, in addition to the :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)` route, and that a vendor is configured (in the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab of the product form).

For products manufactured in-house, make sure the :guilabel:`Manufacture` route is selected, in addition to the :guilabel:`MTO` route, and that a bill of materials is configured for the product, which is accessible via the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button on the product form. 

Finally, when all configurations are complete, click :guilabel:`Save`.
```
minor adjustments - broke up the larger chunk into smaller paragraphs

.. note::

>    The MTO route cannot be selected alone. MTO will only work with the Manufacture or Buy route also
>    selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The MTO route cannot be selected alone. MTO only works if the :guilabel:`Manufacture` or :guilabel:`Buy` route is also selected.
```

Make to order
-------------

*Make to order (MTO)* is a procurement route that creates a draft purchase order (or manufacturing
order) each time a sales order is confirmed, **regardless of the current stock level**.

Unlike products replenished using reordering rules, Odoo automatically links the sales order to the
|PO| or |MO| generated by the |MTO| route.

Another difference between reordering rules and |MTO| is, with |MTO|, Odoo generates a draft |PO| or
|MO| immediately after the |SO| is confirmed. With reordering rules, Odoo generates a draft |PO| or
|MO| when the product's forecasted stock falls below the set minimum quantity.

In addition, Odoo automatically adds quantities to the |PO| or |MO| as the forecast changes, so long
as the |PO| or |MO| is not confirmed.

The |MTO| route is the best replenishment strategy for products that are customized, and/or for
products that have no stock kept on-hand.

Configuration
=============

Replenishment report and reordering rules
-----------------------------------------

To access the replenishment report, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations -->
Replenishment.`

> By default, the :guilabel:`Replenishment` report shows every product that needs to be manually

Reviewer 2: would justify the gui here
```suggestion
By default, the :guilabel:`Replenishment` report dashboard shows every product that needs to be manually
```

Author: I originally thought about it in terms of how you got there-  you click on replenishment , and that's the view you get - but that's doesn't follow the logic in the sentence above. I agree with you- taking it away.

reordered. If there is no specific rule for a product, Odoo assumes the :guilabel:`Min Quantity` and
:guilabel:`Max Quantity` stock are both `0.00`

> .. image:: strategies/replenishment-report-dashboard.png

Reviewer 2: This screenshot is very grainy and hard to read.
Can we re-take it in HD resolution, please? If needed, we can go up to 933px in width if 768px is too small.

Optional:
I prefer to put screenshots _after_ admonition blocks since they're only supplemental to the text. I think it's more valuable to have **note**, **tip**, **warning**, etc., in line with the instruction instead of buried after an image, like an after-thought, since they tend to convey important and sometimes timely/sensitive information.

drop-down menu in the :guilabel:`Product` column. If necessary, a :guilabel:`Min Quantity` and a
:guilabel:`Max Quantity` can be configured in the corresponding columns on the
:guilabel:`Replenishment` report page, as well.

To create a new reordering rule from the product form, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Products --> Products`, and select a product to open its product form. Click the
:guilabel:`Reordering Rules` smart button, click :guilabel:`Create`, and fill out the fields.

Replenishment report fields
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following fields are on the :guilabel:`Replenishment` report. If any of these fields are not
visible, click the :guilabel:`⋮ (additional options)` icon on the far right side of the report, then
click the checkbox next to a field to make it visible.

- :guilabel:`Product`: the product that requires a replenishment.
- :guilabel:`Location`: the specific location where the product is stored.
- :guilabel:`Warehouse`: the warehouse where the product is stored.
- :guilabel:`On Hand`: the amount of product currently available.
- :guilabel:`Forecast`: the amount of product available after all current orders (sales,

>   manufacturing, purchase, etc) are taken into account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  manufacturing, purchase, etc.) are taken into account.
```

the field and, changing the value, and clicking :guilabel:`Save`. To replenish a product manually,
click :guilabel:`Order Once`.

To automate a replenishment from the :guilabel:`Replenishment` page, click :guilabel:`Automate
Orders` on the right-side of the line, represented by a :guilabel:`🔄 (circular arrow)` icon.

When this button is clicked, Odoo will automatically generate a draft |PO|/|MO| every time the
forecasted stock level falls below the set :guilabel:`Min Quantity` of the reordering rule.

On the :guilabel:`Replenishment` page, a reordering rule or manual replenishment can be temporarily
deactivated for a given period, by clicking the :guilabel:`🔕 (snooze)` icon on the far-right of the
line.

.. image:: strategies/reordering-rule-snooze-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Snooze options to turn off notifications for reordering for a period of time.

A |PO| or |MO| created by a manual replenishment has a :guilabel:`Replenishment Report` as the
source document. A |PO| or |MO| created by an automated reordering rule has the |SO| reference
number(s) that triggered the rule as the source document.

> .. image:: strategies/rfq-source-document.png

Reviewer 2: too grainy / hard to read. re-take please.

   unarchiving the |MTO| route.

To set a product's procurement route to |MTO|, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->
Products`, click on the desired product to open its product form, and click :guilabel:`Edit`.

Then, click the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab, and in the :guilabel:`Routes` section of options, select
:guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)`.

For products purchased directly from a vendor, make sure the :guilabel:`Buy` route is selected, in
addition to the :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)` route. Also, make sure a vendor is configured
in the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab of the product form.

For products manufactured in-house, make sure the :guilabel:`Manufacture` route is selected, in
addition to the :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)` route. Also, make sure a bill of materials is
configured for the product, which is accessible via the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button
on the product form.

Finally, when all configurations are complete, click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. note::
   The |MTO| route cannot be selected alone. |MTO| **only** works if the :guilabel:`Manufacture` or
   :guilabel:`Buy` route is also selected.

> .. image:: strategies/acoustic-block-screen.png

Reviewer 2: too grainy / hard to read. re-take please.

   have its inventory levels tracked, so Odoo cannot account for a consumable product in the
   replenishment report.

To create a new reordering rule from the replenishment report, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app
--> Operations --> Replenishment`, click :guilabel:`Create`, and select the desired product from the
drop-down menu in the :guilabel:`Product` column. If necessary, a :guilabel:`Min Quantity` and a
:guilabel:`Max Quantity` can be configured in the corresponding columns on the replenishment report
page, as well.

To create a new reordering rule from the product form, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Products --> Products`, and select a product to open its product form. Click the
:guilabel:`Reordering Rules` smart button, click :guilabel:`Create`, and fill out the fields.

Replenishment report fields
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following fields are on the :guilabel:`Replenishment` report. If any of these fields are not
visible, click the additional options icon (three vertical dots) on the far right side of the
report, then click the checkbox next to a field to make it visible.

> - :guilabel:`Product`: The product that requires a replenishment.
> - :guilabel:`Location`: The specific location where the product is stored.
> - :guilabel:`Wahrehouse`: The warehouse the product is stored.
> - :guilabel:`On Hand`: The amount of product currently available.
> - :guilabel:`Forecast`: The amount of product available after all current orders (sales,
>   manufacutirng, purchase, etc) are taken into account.
> - :guilabel:`Preferred Route`: How the product is procured, either :guilabel:`Buy`,
>   :guilabel:`Manufactured`, :guilabel:`Droship`, etc.
> - :guilabel:`Vendor`: The company the product is acquired from.
> - :guilabel:`Bill of Materials`: If a bill of materials is set for the product, it is listed here.
> - :guilabel:`Trigger`: How the replenishment is created, either :guilabel:`Auto` (automatically,
>   once the :guilabel:`On Hand` quantity goes below the :guilabel:`Min Quantity`) or
>   :guilabel:`Manual` (only when the replenishment is requested).
> - :guilabel:`Procurement Group`: The reference number for how the product is being acquired, such
>   as a sales order, purchase order, or manufacturing order.
> - :guilabel:`Min Quantity`: The minimum amount of product that should be available. When inventory
>   levels goes below this number, the replenishment is triggered.
> - :guilabel:`Max Quantity`: The amount of product that should be available after replenishing the
>   product.
> - :guilabel:`Multiple Quantity`: If the product should be ordered in specific quantities, enter the
>   number that should be ordered. For example, if the :guilabel:`Multiple Quantity` is set to 5, and
>   only 3 are needed, 5 products will be replenished.
> - :guilabel:`To Order`: The amount of product that is currently needed, and will be ordered, if the
>   :guilabel:`Order Once` or :guilabel:`automate Orders` button is clicked.
> - :guilabel:`UoM`: The unit of measure used to acquire the product.
> - :guilabel:`Company`: The company the product is acquired for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Product`: the product that requires a replenishment.
- :guilabel:`Location`: the specific location where the product is stored.
- :guilabel:`Wahrehouse`: the warehouse where the product is stored.
- :guilabel:`On Hand`: the amount of product currently available.
- :guilabel:`Forecast`: the amount of product available after all current orders (sales,
  manufacutirng, purchase, etc) are taken into account.
- :guilabel:`Preferred Route`: how the product is procured, either :guilabel:`Buy`,
  :guilabel:`Manufactured`, :guilabel:`Droship`, etc.
- :guilabel:`Vendor`: the company from which the product is acquired.
- :guilabel:`Bill of Materials`: the bill of materials for the product (if one is configured).
- :guilabel:`Trigger`: how the replenishment is created, either :guilabel:`Auto` (automatically,
  once the :guilabel:`On Hand` quantity goes below the :guilabel:`Min Quantity`) or
  :guilabel:`Manual` (only when the replenishment is requested).
- :guilabel:`Procurement Group`: the reference number for how the product is being acquired, such
  as a sales order, purchase order, or manufacturing order.
- :guilabel:`Min Quantity`: the minimum amount of product that should be available. When inventory
  levels goes below this number, the replenishment is triggered.
- :guilabel:`Max Quantity`: the amount of product that should be available after replenishing the
  product.
- :guilabel:`Multiple Quantity`: if the product should be ordered in specific quantities, enter the
  number that should be ordered. For example, if the :guilabel:`Multiple Quantity` is set to `5`,
  and only 3 are needed, 5 products are replenished.
- :guilabel:`To Order`: the amount of product currently needed, and will be ordered, if the
  :guilabel:`Order Once` or :guilabel:`Automate Orders` button is clicked.
- :guilabel:`UoM`: the unit of measure used to acquire the product.
- :guilabel:`Company`: the company for which the product is acquired.
```

hit the words following the colons with a "lower case," per ZST's preference - along with some minor grammatical adjustments

By default, the quantity in the :guilabel:`To Order` field is the quantity required to reach the set
:guilabel:`Max Quantity`. However, the :guilabel:`To Order` quantity can be adjusted by clicking on
the field and, changing the value, and clicking :guilabel:`Save`. To replenish a product manually,
click :guilabel:`Order Once`.

> To automate a replenishment (from the :guilabel:`Replenishment` page) click :guilabel:`Automate
> Orders` on the right side of the line, with a :guilabel:`🔄 (circular arrow)` icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automate a replenishment from the :guilabel:`Replenishment` page, click :guilabel:`Automate
Orders` on the right-side of the line, represented by a :guilabel:`🔄 (circular arrow)` icon.
```

> When this button is clicked, Odoo will automatically generate a draft :abbr:`PO (purchase order)`/
> :abbr:`MO (manufacturing order)` every time the forecasted stock level falls below the set
> :guilabel:`Min Quantity` of the reordering rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When clicked, Odoo automatically generates a draft :abbr:`PO (purchase order)`/ :abbr:`MO
(manufacturing order)` every time the forecasted stock level falls below the set :guilabel:`Min Quantity` of the reordering rule.
```

On the :guilabel:`Replenishment` page, a reordering rule or manual replenishment can be temporarily
deactivated for a given period, by clicking the :guilabel:`🔕 (snooze)` icon on the far-right of the
line.

.. image:: strategies/reordering-rule-snooze-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Snooze options to turn off notifications for reordering for a period of time.

A :abbr:`PO (purchase order)` or :abbr:`MO (manufacturing order)` created by a manual replenishment
has a :guilabel:`Replenishment Report` as the source document. A :abbr:`PO (purchase order)` or

> :abbr:`MO (manufacturing order)` created by an automated reordering rule will have the
> :abbr:`SO (sales order(s))` reference number(s) that triggered the rule as the source document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:abbr:`MO (manufacturing order)` created by an automated reordering rule has the :abbr:`SO (sales
order)` reference number(s) that triggered the rule as the source document.
```

.. image:: strategies/rfq-source-document.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Quote request list shows which quotes are directly from the replenishment report.

Make to order (MTO)

> ===================

Reviewer: I believe this heading was already used above? Perhaps another title/heading could help differentiate it from the previous one?

Since the :abbr:`MTO (make to order)` route is recommended for customized products, the route is
hidden by default.

> To activate the Make to Order (MTO) route in Odoo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To activate the :abbr:`MTO (Make to Order)` route:
```

 #. Go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration  --> Settings`.
 #. Activate the :guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` setting, located under the :guilabel:`Warehouse`
    section, and click :guilabel:`Save`.
 #. Then, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration  --> Routes`.
 #. Click on :menuselection:`Filters --> Archived` to show archived routes.
 #. Select the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)`, and click on
    :menuselection:`Action --> Unarchive`.

.. note::
   Activating the :guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` setting also activates :guilabel:`Storage
   Locations`. If these features aren't applicable to the warehouse, disable these settings after
   unarchiving the MTO route.

> To set a product's procurement route to MTO, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->
> Products`, click on the desired product to open its product form, and click :guilabel:`Edit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set a product's procurement route to :abbr:`MTO (Make to Order)`, go to :menuselection:`Inventory
app --> Products --> Products`, click on the desired product to open its product form, and click :guilabel:`Edit`.
```
I'd suggest using the abbr throughout for MTO (and other applicable names), just to keep things uniform

Then, click the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab, and in the :guilabel:`Routes` section of options, select
:guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)`.

> For products purchased directly from a vendor, make sure the :guilabel:`Buy` route is selected in
> addition to the :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)` route, and a vendor is configured (in the
> :guilabel:`Purchase` tab of the product form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For products purchased directly from a vendor, make sure the :guilabel:`Buy` route is selected, in
addition to the :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)` route. Also, make sure a vendor is configured
in the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab of the product form.
```

> For products manufactured in-house, make sure the :guilabel:`Manufacture` route is selected in
> addition to the :guilabel:`MTO` route, and that a bill of materials is configured for the product,
> which is accessible via the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button on the product form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For products manufactured in-house, make sure the :guilabel:`Manufacture` route is selected, in
addition to the :guilabel:`MTO` route. Also, make sure a bill of materials is configured for the
product, which is accessible via the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button on the product form.
```

Finally, when all configurations are complete, click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. note::

>    The MTO route cannot be selected alone. MTO will only works if the :guilabel:`Manufacture` or
>    :guilabel:`Buy` route is also selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The MTO route cannot be selected alone. MTO **only** works if the :guilabel:`Manufacture` or
   :guilabel:`Buy` route is also selected.
```

(Purchase Order)` or :abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)` immediately after the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`
is confirmed. With reordering rules, Odoo generates a draft :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` or :abbr:`MO
(Manufacturing Order)` when the product's forecasted stock falls below the set minimum quantity.

In addition, Odoo automatically adds quantities to the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` or :abbr:`MO
(Manufacturing Order)` as the forecast changes, so long as the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` or
:abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)` is not confirmed.

The MTO route is the best replenishment strategy for products that are customized, and/or for
products that have no stock kept on-hand.

Configuration
=============

Replenishment report and reordering rules
-----------------------------------------

To access the replenishment report, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations -->
Replenishment.`

By default, the :guilabel:`Replenishment Report` shows every product that needs to be manually
reordered. If there is no specific rule for a product, Odoo assumes the :guilabel:`Minimum Quantity`
and :guilabel:`Maximum Quantity` stock are both `0.00`

> .. image:: strategies/replenish-report-v14.png

Reviewer 3: There are a couple things wrong with this image:
1. the image looks cut-off and duplicated on the left side– it needs to be retaken
2. it is very wide at 1417px, please retake to be a max 933px wide
3. the filename should not contain version/sequencing, please update to be descriptive

To automate a replenishment from the :guilabel:`Replenishment` page, click :guilabel:`Automate
Orders` on the right-side of the line, represented by a :guilabel:`🔄 (circular arrow)` icon.

When this button is clicked, Odoo will automatically generate a draft :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`/
:abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)` every time the forecasted stock level falls below the set
:guilabel:`Min Quantity` of the reordering rule.

On the :guilabel:`Replenishment` page, a reordering rule or manual replenishment can be temporarily
deactivated for a given period, by clicking the :guilabel:`🔕 (snooze)` icon on the far-right of the
line.

.. image:: strategies/reordering-rule-snooze-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Snooze options to turn off notifications for reordering for a period of time.

A :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` or :abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)` created by a manual replenishment
has a :guilabel:`Replenishment Report` as the source document. A :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` or
:abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)` created by an automated reordering rule has the :abbr:`SO (sales
order(s))` reference number(s) that triggered the rule as the source document.

> .. image:: strategies/rfq-source-document.png

Reviewer 3: This image is too wide at 1440px, please retake to be 933px wide. It is not necessary to show the entire screen, you could probably get away with showing just the Source Document, Total, Status and additional icon button with the 3 rows below

   :align: center
   :alt: Quote request list shows which quotes are directly from the replenishment report.

Make to order (MTO) route
=========================

Since the :abbr:`MTO (Make To Order)` route is recommended for customized products, the route is
hidden by default.

To activate the :abbr:`MTO (Make to Order)` route in Odoo:
 #. Go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration  --> Settings`.
 #. Activate the :guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` setting, located under the :guilabel:`Warehouse`
    section, and click :guilabel:`Save`.
 #. Then, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration  --> Routes`.
 #. Click on :menuselection:`Filters --> Archived` to show archived routes.
 #. Select the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)`, and click on
    :menuselection:`Action --> Unarchive`.

.. note::
   Activating the :guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` setting also activates :guilabel:`Storage
   Locations`. If these features aren't applicable to the warehouse, disable these settings after

>    unarchiving the MTO route.

Reviewer 3: Use abbreviation
```suggestion
   unarchiving the |MTO| route.
```
OR
```suggestion
   unarchiving the :abbr:`MTO (Make to Order)` route.
```

> To set a product's procurement route to :abbr:`MTO (Make to Order)`, go to :menuselection:`Inventory
> app --> Products --> Products`, click on the desired product to open its product form, and click
> :guilabel:`Edit`.

Reviewer 3: Shorthand
```suggestion
To set a product's procurement route to |MTO|, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->
Products`, click on the desired product to open its product form, and click :guilabel:`Edit`.
```
